NOTICE THIS IS A DRAFT - feel free to change it
-----------------------
This the design doc. The authoriantan source of our game. If you want to add
a feautre describe it here and put it in the roadmap.

Remember all features we don't 'need' for the grade go into 1.1.
The reason: alot of software designs have a lot of extra features
that end up getting cut; to only be looked back as a waste of time.

Game demo (moving, walking, character animation, keyboard input)
Menu (we a push a key a menu comes up)
Partial Menu
                 /--------\
                 |        |
                 |        |
                 | text1  |
                      ....
Full Screen

Status Weapons Armor Items
   ^   ------------------
Class: Fighter
Level: 2
HP: 13
MP: 3
Condictions: Posioned

Classes
Fighter (can use the most damaging weapons)
Rogue (can steal items in combat, can easily sneak away in light armor)
Wizard (can cast spells)

Types
Fire
Water
Lighting
Evil
Water beats Fire which beats Lighting which beats Water
The boss is the only Dark type

Weapons, Armor
Ummm... three different types of weapons. Battleaxe(fighter), knife (rogue),
Staff (wizard)
Armor
3 types
Chainmail
Leather
Robe
Weapons and armor must be able to have enhancement bounses. (+1... +1 to 
attack)


Spells
Simple spells, more complex spells go in v1.1
Fire 1, Fire 2, Fire 3...
Water 1, Water 2...
Lighting 1...

Random Monster Encounter System
Since we didn't want to have to put monsters on the map. They will simple
occur randomily. We should a table of values that determine which monster
comes in which part of the level.

Battle Menu
A FinalFantasy 1 set up


-------------------\
|                  | characters
| monsters here    | here
| background       |
|                  |
|                  | 
\------------------/
Battles are important because
there the only way to get items and gold coins right now

Random Map Generation
Our original design doc specified random map generation.

Process requirement
Since we're required to use processes; and we're required to have a dynamic environment. We shall have at least one shopkeeper in the game. This shopkeeper will have a limited inventory and will hold any items we sell to it for a limited time. This time is 10 minutes (or intill the character rests) for when the transcation happened. The shopkeeper may also have a limited amount of gold that also gets reset. We can also add to make the gold part easier that after you close the transcation window (and made a transcation) the shopkeeper will refuse to talk to you for a rand 2 - 5 minutes.

Extra Features (1.1+)
Only one of these should be done for 1.1. (To prevent feature overload...
remember release early and often.)
For each one we increrement the version by 0.1

Shopkeeper (store features)
Chests (store items for us to find)
Subplots (find the Boss's teddy bear to distract him)
         (Add Good type: find a Good type weapon for a bouns against the boss)
Mutiple Levels
Hidden Pathways 
Score System - when killed or beat game the system runs a check to see 
how much gold you have to determine your score.
